wyraz:język polski
mama:relacje
tata:relacje
siostra:relacje
syn:relacje
córka:relacje
ziomek:relacje
brak:relacje
wnuk:relacje
wnuczka:relacje
niedźwiedź:zwierzęta
słoń:zwierzęta
wiewiórka:zwierzęta
komputer:technika
klawiatura:technika
koleżanka:relacje
kawa:pożywienie
herbata:pożywienie
sok:pożywienie
monitor:technika
mazak:artykuły biurowe
myszka:technika
mysz:zwierzęta
guzik:technika
kabel:technika
kalkulator:technika
chusteczka:higiena
gumka:artykuły biurowe
komórka:technika
koszyk:przechowanie
torebka:moda
długopis:artykuły biurowe
nabój:broń
pistolet:broń
karabin:broń
kuweta:dom i ogród
pies:zwierzęta
kalendarz:organizacja
drzwi:dom i ogród
stół:dom i ogród
krzesło:dom i ogród
tapczan:dom i ogród
łóżko:dom i ogród
szafa:dom i ogród
podłoga:dom i ogród
półka:dom i ogród
wtyczka:technika
drukarka:technika
ściana:dom i ogród
piłka:sport i zabawa
okno:dom i ogród
system:informatyka
zlew:dom i ogród
woda:natura
ziemia:natura
kaloryfer:dom i ogród
dziurkacz:artykuły biurowe
paczka:zakupy
samochód:środki lokomocji
skuter:środki lokomocji
motocykl:środki lokomocji
motor:środki lokomocji
silnik:technika
koło:geometria
hulajnoga:środki lokomocji
zasłonka:dom i ogród
firanka:dom i ogród
buty:moda
kozaki:moda
sandały:moda
miecz:broń
szabla:broń
dzida:broń
halabarda:broń
strzała:broń
kusza:broń
brzuch:człowiek
głowa:człowiek
wisielec:człowiek
kartka:artykuły biurowe
papier:artykuły biurowe
radio:technika
kaseta:technika
płyta:technika
dach:budownictwo
klamka:dom i ogród
sedes:dom i ogród
prysznic:dom i ogród
wanna:dom i ogród
sklep:budownictwo
kasa:zakupy
pieniądze:zakupy
waluta:zakupy
drzewa:natura
trawa:natura
kwiat:natura
skała:natura
góra:natura
pociąg:środki lokomocji
lokomotywa:środki lokomocji
wagon:środki lokomocji
linie:geometria
kwadrat:geometria
napięcie:technika
kurz:dom i ogród
kolega:relacje
pracownik:zawód
niebo:natura
słońce:kosmos
gwiazda:kosmos
kosmos:kosmos
planeta:kosmos
księżyc:kosmos
dzień:czas
ranek:czas
polana:natura
jezioro:natura
morze:natura
ocean:natura
wyżyna:natura
kałuża:pogoda
deszcz:pogoda
ogień:natura
prąd:technika
grzmot:pogoda
piorun:pogoda
krasnolud:fantastyka
człowiek:człowiek
niziołek:fantastyka
stopa:człowiek
gałąź:natura
liście:natura
parking:przemieszczanie
budynek:budownictwo
asfalt::budownictwo
chodnik:przemieszczanie
podjazd:przemieszczanie
butelka:przechowanie
śniadanie:pożywienie
obiad:pożywienie
kurczak:zwierzęta
krowa:zwierzęta
świnia:zwierzęta
kolacja:pożywienie
podwieczorek:pożywienie
żona:relacje
mąż:relacje
powietrze:natura
tlen:chemia
balon:sport i zabawa
blok:budownictwo
mieszkanie:budownictwo
garaż:budownictwo
pojazd:środki lokomocji
latarnia:technika
żyrandol:dom i ogród
włącznik:dom i ogród
kula:geometria
stożek:geometria
tulipan:natura
ziemniak:pożywienie
gruszka:pożywienie
jabłko:pożywienie
winogrono:pożywienie
orzech:pożywienie
truskawka:pożywienie
doniczka:dom i ogród
żarówka:dom i ogród
deska:budownictwo
głośnik:technika
telewizor:technika
pączek:pożywienie
chleb:pożywienie
makaron:pożywienie
park:natura
siłownia:budownictwo
maszyna:technika
barometr:technika
piwo:pożywienie
alkohol:pożywienie
paliwo:środki lokomocji
peron:budownictwo
stacja:budownictwo
autobus:środki lokomocji
dworzec:budownictwo
dwór:budownictwo
pałac:budownictwo
zamek:budownictwo
księżniczka:zawód
kościół:budownictwo
ksiądz:zawód
spodnie:moda
skarpeta:moda
ucho:człowiek
usta:człowiek
mózg:człowiek
palec:człowiek
sosna:natura
kura:zwierzęta
indyk:zwierzęta
tydzień:czas
miesiąc:czas
godzina:czas
minuta:czas
lustro:dom i ogród
muzyka:muzyka
pięść:człowiek